Backport 2573 and fix dead links (#2640)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/discover/index-discover.md

This tutorial shows you how to use Discover to analyze and understand a sample dataset. At the end of this tutorial, you should be ready to use Discover with your own data.

> Before starting this tutorial, make sure you've added the **Sample flight data**. See [Quickstart guide for OpenSearch Dashboards](https://opensearch.org/docs/2.5/dashboards/quickstart/) for information about how to get started.

Author: ```suggestion
Before starting this tutorial, make sure you've added the **Sample flight data**. See [Quickstart guide for OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/quickstart/) for information about how to get started.
```

> {: .warning} 

Author: ```suggestion
{: .warning}
```
